> updated: 2020-05-08 23:21:15

---

###### 1 `Credo Credo`:    who  is responsible for to communication with Huobi about the list and swap?Foundation or del team?

Please ask the foundation.

---

###### 2 `Credo Credo`:   How will you continue the project in current status?do you have any other big investor ?

Currently we do not have any investors. The support to Seele Mainnet will be voluntary from us after May 31st, 2020.

---

###### 3 `Dan M`:  - if the dev team could continue with development, how would that be funded? And if funding was available, would the dev team employ some \"business\" people (non techies) to handle the business development side?

The current members of ours team are all engineers. If funding comes in the future, it would be a great idea to have some "business people" on board.

---

###### 4 `Cryptid Collective`:  How did we get to the position where the dev team and Dr Maolin didn't have a majority ownership of shares in the project, if this is true

The dev team and its members do not own any Seele ERC 20 tokens. What they have is the intellectual properties of Seele mainnet.

---

###### 5 `Cryptid Collective`: Who controls the ICO funds?

We do not know -- our best guess is the people behind Seele Foundation.

---

###### 6 `Karl`:  I know you didn’t agree with the granularity proposal. What advantage would this have given apart from the foundation gaining more tokens?


Seele Mainnet coins have 8 decimal places and we consider that enough granularity.  In logic gain nothing apart from the foundation has more tokens

---

###### 7 `Karl`: Why was it proposed with the erc20 tokens?

A very good question -- to those who proposed it. Our best guess is the foundation owns a lot ERC20 tokens (including the 70M tokens which should belong to Dev Team according to the ICO plan).


---

###### 8 `Karl`: Is the seele mainnet under ownership of seele team?

We built Seele Mainnet and maintained it. Noboday can claim the ownership of an open source decentralized network. We are the gatekeeper. Whoever wants to claim the ownership, please show us the official document.

---

###### 9 `Karl`: The team token address I have posted many times with $4.5m of tokens. Who now owns this wallet?

If you are talking about a mainnet address, we do not know, some earlier miners?

---

###### 10 `Karl`: Is this Dr Bi/original team?
Dr Bi was never a member of our team.

---

###### 11 `Credo Credo`: Who  is controlling the ERC20 address 0x1ea379c97b9a6da993dd7d73669a0dafd188cffd   ?
Since we do not own any ERC 20, we do not know.

---

###### 12 `O. R. *™* ꧁꧂`: Are you considering forking the blockchain to introduce either a premine or a devfee system being taken on every block to fund the project.

 We brought Seele project to life from the near death. We will spend more time to think about its future.

---

###### 13 `Credo Credo`: According to ICO token plan,Del team should get 7% of the total token(70M token or native token),did you get  it?

We do not own any erc20 tokens. Dev team should have 7% according to the ICO plan, but we never see or own a single one.

---

###### 14 `Credo Credo`: finally if  foundation control Seele, what is your new plan?will you start another project?

What do you mean Seele here? If you speak Seele ERC20 tokens, that is the foundation's business. If you are talking about Seele Mainnet, we do not think the foundation can control it. We will take a break for a short period after working hard for so long. Then we'll think about our next steps. We love what we are doing for sure.

---

###### 15 `hai`: Has the technical team considered bifurcating? I'm worried that the seele token won't map for a long time. What can we do?

Who is handling ERC mapping? We don't know. But for whatever decision the community has come to concerning the mainnet coins, we will be here ready to support.

---

###### `Cryptid Collective`: and thanks for the AMA

Thanks for the questions!」
