> updated: 2020-05-15 23:21:15 PST

# Dev Team will release a major technical upgrade to seele mainnet in the coming days, by that time, answers to all AMA questions will be clear as day.

---

###### 1 `Mike Hunt`: When exchange listing mainnet token?

---

###### 2 `hai`: Has the technical team considered bifurcating?

---

###### 3 `hai`: I'm worried that the seele token won't map for a long time. What can we do?

---

###### 4 `Moana`: how can leben project put into seele project? How can protect investors who invest seele? Leben, so called seele-N now, is a shit.

---

###### 5 `O. R. *™* ꧁꧂`: How will a swap be technically performed?  Can you do it in a decentralized manner? #amadev

---

###### 6 `Jimmy Pop`: when is token swap ? Are the coins on gow legit ? Are you guys partnered with gow and are you aware they disappeared with many people's money.

---

###### 7 `Dan M`: The current live mainnet, do you see it continuing and being developed by your team?

---

###### 8 `Dan M`: Is it still possible that the erc20 tokens could be swapped into mainnet and who controls if that could happen?

---

###### 9 `Dan M`: Is there any chance mainnet tokens could be swapped to a new SeeleN network?

---
###### 10 `Dan M`: How many mainnet tokens does the dev team have, could they be used to raise money for further development?

---
###### 11 `Dan M`: How can the community support the dev team?

---
###### 12 `Dan M`: Is the any kind of legal agreement with Huobi that states the erc20 have to be swapped with mainnet at some point?

---
###### 13 `Dan M`: Do you think SeeleN will take the source code and start their own blockchain to compete with Seele?

---

###### 14 `Dan M`: Is there any chance of a reconciliation between dev team and foundation? Would you even consider such an option?

---

###### 15 `Dan M`: could you run a small ICO to raise funds for mainnet?

---

###### 16 `seele`: what does Tech Team think of  the new annoucement from SEELEN?



---

###### 17 `Yuefeng Qiu`: If so, I would say it makes sense for seele tech to justify whether this reverse mapping is recommended or we should resistant to it. And clarify the potential benefits/risks to the mainnet. It is important to protect the mainnet with the power of the community. Community is what seele tech having right now.

---

###### 18 `Yuefeng Qiu`: Also I strongly recommend the dev team to take action on mitigating the potential risk of miner 51% attack, as the 70% of the block is mine by one miner on each shade.
