> updated: 2020-05-15 23:21:15 PST

---

###### 1 `Mike Hunt`: When exchange listing mainnet token?

---

###### 2 `hai`: Has the technical team considered bifurcating?

---

###### 3 `hai`: I'm worried that the seele token won't map for a long time. What can we do?

Not sure who are handling the map. The community have to fugure it out what to do with the mainnet tokens. We will be here and ready to support the community

---

###### 4 `Moana`: how can leben project put into seele project? How can protect investors who invest seele? Leben, so called seele-N now, is a shit.

Ask the foundation and the community.  We do not know Leben. It is a shit or not we have no comments. We understood the frustration of the investors. We are very sad too.

---

###### 5 `O. R. *™* ꧁꧂`: How will a swap be technically performed?  Can you do it in a decentralized manner? #amadev

The swap is not a technical question. Of course, technically speaking, decentralized is possible.

---

###### 6 `Jimmy Pop`: when is token swap ? Are the coins on gow legit ? Are you guys partnered with gow and are you aware they disappeared with many people's money.

Our team do not know who is in charge of swap. We do not know GOW and have no information on it.

---

###### 7 `Dan M`: The current live mainnet, do you see it continuing and being developed by your team?

Our team will maintain the mainnet on a voluntary base from now on until we have new resources to improve it.

---

###### 8 `Dan M`: Is it still possible that the erc20 tokens could be swapped into mainnet and who controls if that could happen?



---

###### 9 `Dan M`: Is there any chance mainnet tokens could be swapped to a new SeeleN network?

We do not know how that could be.

---
###### 10 `Dan M`: How many mainnet tokens does the dev team have, could they be used to raise money for further development?

The dev team have never reserve of the mainnet tokens. We are still in earlier stage to think our options for surviving.

---
###### 11 `Dan M`: How can the community support the dev team?

There shall be a way. For the time being, the development team think all possible options.

---
###### 12 `Dan M`: Is the any kind of legal agreement with Huobi that states the erc20 have to be swapped with mainnet at some point?

We do not have an answer. We are in the same situation as you.

---
###### 13 `Dan M`: Do you think SeeleN will take the source code and start their own blockchain to compete with Seele?

Seele is opensourced. Anyone can download the codes. We do not know SeeleN and have no ideas what they would do.

---

###### 14 `Dan M`: Is there any chance of a reconciliation between dev team and foundation? Would you even consider such an option?

We open to any suggestions.

---

###### 15 `Dan M`: could you run a small ICO to raise funds for mainnet?

Any thing possible. For the time being, the team is looking for all possible options.

---

###### 16 `seele`: what does Tech Team think of  the new annoucement from SEELEN?



---

###### 17 `Yuefeng Qiu`: If so, I would say it makes sense for seele tech to justify whether this reverse mapping is recommended or we should resistant to it. And clarify the potential benefits/risks to the mainnet. It is important to protect the mainnet with the power of the community. Community is what seele tech having right now.

---

###### 18 `Yuefeng Qiu`: Also I strongly recommend the dev team to take action on mitigating the potential risk of miner 51% attack, as the 70% of the block is mine by one miner on each shade.
